Imaginary problem scenario:

Atliq hardware, a manufacturing company, which supplies hardware peripherals to differnent clients such as nomad stores, excel stores, surge strores. These all are the clients and this hardware company supplies computers and other networking peripheral networking equipments to them. They have a head office in the silicon valley, New Delhi, United States and they have regional offices in the different states in India. Gaurob Saha is the sales director of the company and he is managing the business from the head  office but there are regional managers per state and what's happening with the company is this, the sales are declining for this company and Gaurob Saha as the sales director of this compnay having a lot of struggle tracking where the business is failing. Because the business is smaller, let's say 10 employees, small business you can manage but when the business is bigger and you have multiple offices it's hard to manage actually. You don't get a right picture and that's when data anlysis comes into the scenario. So, for gaurob Saha, when he talks with the regional managers or regarding the business in their areas the managers have a tendency to paint a rosy picture. As a sales director Gaurob Saha has not any idea on what actually happen at a ground level, he has not have the data insights. He wants to know what are my top five customers? What are my two weakest regions where sales are declining? What is my aggregate revenue in last 365 days? It is called year-to-date revenue. A visualization can solve the problem, where he can click on  every region where he can get numbers for that particular region. He can also see revenue trends or expense trends, declining, going down. So, once has this kind of visualization which is hooked up in real database, it is the real transactional data coming up from the softwares. Data do not lie. So, data will tell you the right picture and the all Gaurob has to do is, he opens the Tableu and look at this dashboard and he will get a complete idea on what's going on. This way  business gets a lot of transparency and Gaurob gets a lot of insights for example, there are two regions where sales are declining maybe Gaurob can run a special discount to attract more customers. Using Tableu, Gaurob can take business decisions using real data analytics.